Add document for the configuration of the IcingaDB-Modul (#971)
Icinga/icingadb-web: doc/03-Configuration.md

    also configure the secondary master's API command transport.
    Icinga DB Web then uses this transport if the primary one is not available.

## General Configuration

> Some default values for actions with dialogs in the UI can be adjusted (e.g. While acknowledging a problem).

Reviewer: Was something wrong with my suggestion?

You're now talking of *some values* and in the next sentence of *these options*. I'd wonder, which options are meant.

And while there are indeed *actions **without** dialogs*, I don't think this nuance needs to be mentioned here.

Though, I see why you added *some* at the start, as I used *particular* to refer to dialogs myself.

So what about:

```suggestion
You can adjust some default values of options users have while interacting with particular dialogs in the UI. (e.g. While acknowledging a problem)
```
